# CS250-Fall23-Group16
Patrick Simpauco
Johnny Rosas
Jennny Tran

System Overview:
The BeAvis rental system was developed to replace the pen-and-paper rental process. The car rental software system can be accessed through mobile and website applications. Both applications will have the same functionality and will both be user friendly. Every new user that begins their rental process will be prompted for their location/GPS services, which will allow the system to look for the nearest rental car center. In order for the user to rent a car, they will need to create an account with the following information(email, user, password, …see UML). Shortly after creating their accounts, the user must verify their accounts using a verification code sent to their email to finalize the process. Not only do the accounts give rental access to users, the accounts also give the user access to toggle on/off sharing location/GPS services with the system. The rental system will be like any other, with the ability to browse rental cars, make a rental, view rental history, and lookup locations. The user will also have the choice to save their preferred payment method for convenience. The system will also take care of all the user’s confidential information, payment info, rental agreements/contracts,and rental history by having separate data centers. To conclude, the system will give access to Employee accounts to pull up customers’ rental status and contracts, check the number of cars available, and check to see if any cars need to be pulled for maintenance.
